Question #3: This is my crossword genertaing code written in Java. It reads .txt files in a format like in the crossword.txt file 
provided and randomly selecting words from that file to arrange in a configuration that works. It is a simple crossword such 
that there must be at least one space between words of the same orientation. It runs until it can no longer place more words 
from the .txt file into the crossword. It also displays two panes, one for the clues for the word associated with the words and another with the actual crossword and two buttons, one that generates a new crossword and another that switches between a view with no words and just the numbers in the box where the first letter of the word goes and a view where all the words are filled in. Since the text file given did not give clues for the words, my code just outputs the word that would be associated to the clue, with its corresponding number, in the word clues pane. The crossword currently reads from my meaningful-words.txt file but in the WordLayout.java file there is a String variable at the top of the class where the pathway to a different .txt can be written to change the file that is read from. The check answers button changes the cells of user inputted letters to either green or red depending on if the letter is correct. There are also comments throughout the code to briefly explain how it works. UPDATE: the format for my meaningful-words.txt file is now "word, clue for that word", allowing there to be clues for the given words unlike in the given crossword.txt file. However, the crossword.txt file format is still supported and will simply show the word itself where the clue would be.
